# Editor Toolkit & EDL Parser

## Description
This program is designed to bridge Avid Composer and Adobe Premiere video editors with Telestream Vantage video processor and transcoder. It also includes additional tools, such as workorder creation for use with Telestream Vantage. This was designed for a specific workflow unique to our work.

**Avid Tools** - These tools allow us to open an Avid EDL (Edit Decision List). It parses all the edits from the Avid timeline to create a CML that Vantage uses to replicate the edits. It also creates a CSV used by Vantage to pass title variables to NewBlue Titler Pro, which then overlays graphics onto the live video.

**Premiere Tools** - Vantage can natively work with an FCP XML (an EDL in the Final Cut Pro format). However, we still need to create a CSV to pass title variables to NewBlue Titler Pro. This tool opens a directory with an FCP XML generated by Adobe Premiere, then looks for NewBlue title files to generate a CSV used by Vantage to create overlay graphics on live video.

**Views** - "Views" are low-resolution files used for review or viewing, not intended for distribution. This tab allows us to generate view workorders to be used with Vantage. It provides various output options depending on our specific needs.

## Libraries
- **TKinter** - GUI


## Building an EXE file
Since this program is used on different computers by different users, I chose to create an EXE file to remove any Python dependencies and make it easier for the end user.  The drawback is that it is harder to update, since you need to recompile the EXE for distribution.  However, keeping the program self contained makes it easier to work right out of the box without having to install dependencies.

- **Compiler:**  pyinstaller
    - pip install pyinstaller

 **Steps:**
- Downoad the project from GitHub
- From the terminal, move to the directory downloaded project
- Type in the following command:  pyinstaller --onefile --icon=edlicon.ico --clean -w EditorToolkit.py
    - Note:  edlicon.ico needs to be in the same directory as the .py file
- Once complete, .exe is located in \dist
- Move the .exe file along with the sources directory wherever you need it.  It should look like the following:
    - EditorToolkit.exe
    - sources (directory)
        - edl_icon.png
        - edlicon.ico
        - pw.ico
        - pw_icon.png





## Updates:
- **v4 - 7/31/2024** - Added a Premiere tab that creates a CSV for all NB Titles
- **v3.1 - 02/01/2022** - Added functionality to Views Tab.  Parses and creates CSV for views.  Set button states.